what we have here is feared third
best-selling model in January of this
year what's even more impressive is the
fact that it does not even have rear
windows so why did it then win the
prestigious international van of the
Year award let's find out the da blow is
pretty basic even for a van with the
gaping split level grille about the only
visual point of interest between sliding
doors however are a boom and make
loading all in sundry a breeze likewise
the torque from the multi jet turbo
diesel engine should make child's play
of lugging around heavy boxes furniture
or even camping gear as you would expect
from a Fiat product fuel consumption is
excellent but let's see how it fares
around the track
turns in very well and does not really
have too much and one doesn't get the
feeling of it's going to topple but
rather feel very short
have enough grip performance little
Marie biscuit tired I mean right now
we're in 14 and it's building up to 110
going on towards 120 I think that's face
Marshall and sweet carry the speed and
not once do I feel like I'm gonna tip
over flat tops through the sweep as we
head on up to the tabletop
even under braking quite good
in and carry the speed
listen to the tires feeling slightly
what it is very comfortable inside very
spacious you have this seating position
that's quite nice and high
of course it feels like you're riding in
a tin can
but luxury is not the number one
prerequisite in here it's rather
functionality and as a delivery vehicle
it certainly seems to do what it has to
do
I wouldn't mind driving this on a daily
basis the Fiat doubleu actually took me
by surprise I really enjoyed driving the
car it's quite nice and spacious on the
inside and even the feel on the steering
wheel it's actually quite good I didn't
feel like I'm gonna topple over so for
anybody who's in the industry or looking
for a delivery van that's nice and zippy
this is a nice one to consider